Remove fork (#3425)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/coroutines.rst

Concurrent Execution
====================

Coroutines can be scheduled for concurrent execution with :func:`~cocotb.start` and :func:`~cocotb.start_soon`.
These concurrently running coroutines are called :type:`~cocotb.Task`\ s.

The *async* function :func:`~cocotb.start` schedules the coroutine to be executed concurrently,
then yields control to allow the new task (and any other pending tasks) to run,
before resuming the calling task.

:func:`~cocotb.start_soon` schedules the coroutine for future execution,
after the calling task yields control.

.. note::

>     ``cocotb.fork`` was a previously supported way of running coroutines concurrently,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In cocotb 1.x, ``cocotb.fork`` was typically used to run coroutines concurrently,
```

Relative time references don't age well in documentation, let's be specific.

Author: Given the other comment, maybe we should just remove this note.

.. versionchanged:: 1.4
    The :any:`cocotb.coroutine` decorator is no longer necessary for ``async def`` coroutines.
    ``async def`` coroutines can be used, without the ``@cocotb.coroutine`` decorator, wherever decorated coroutines are accepted,

>     including :keyword:`yield` statements and :func:`~cocotb.start` and :func:`~cocotb.start_soon`.

Reviewer 2: Isn't this rewriting history?
Maybe better as
```suggestion
    including :keyword:`yield` statements and ``cocotb.fork`` (since replaced with :func:`~cocotb.start` and :func:`~cocotb.start_soon`).
```
(if at all).

.. versionchanged:: 1.6
    Added :func:`cocotb.start` and :func:`cocotb.start_soon` scheduling functions.

.. versionchanged:: 1.7

>     Deprecated ``cocotb.fork``.

Reviewer: I guess we'll need to have a deeper discussion about those versionchanged statements, but I could see us removing all 1.x ones going forward, otherwise the documentation turns into a distributed changelog at some point.

I added this point to the maintainers meeting agenda.

Reviewer: We didn't get to it in the meeting. Just keep what you did, we can do a global cleanup once we know what we want to do. (And absolutely don't block this PR on it.)
